CAP-0035: Changes from the Open Protocol Meeting held on 2021-01-28 (#852)
stellar/stellar-protocol: core/cap-0035.md

assets from the designated account based on the amount provided in the
operation.

> The `SetTrustLineFlagsOp` will allow the user to set and clear specific trustline 

Reviewer: 💡 
```suggestion
The `SetTrustLineFlagsOp` allows the user to set and clear specific trustline 
```

+struct SetTrustLineFlagsOp
+{
+    AccountID trustor;

> +    Asset asset;

Reviewer: ❗ The same change needs making to `ClawbackOp`. We agreed to also defer who can issue the `ClawbackOp` for the same reasons, that an issuer may be able to delegate that responsibility in the future at which point the operation must encode the issuer to reference the asset.

Author: Ah I missed this during the discussion but you're right. Fixed.

trustline flag modification simpler. Additionally the `AllowTrustOp` operation is
semantically intended to change authorization and clawback is outside it's scope.

> The `AllowTrustOp` is being deprecated for `SetTrustLineFlagsOp`.

Reviewer: 💡 
```suggestion
The `AllowTrustOp` is deprecated for `SetTrustLineFlagsOp`.

```

on its own account and clearing `TRUSTLINE_CLAWBACK_ENABLED_FLAG` from all existing trustlines to 
that asset.

> `SetTrustLineFlagsOp` uses an `Asset` as a parameter instead of an `AssetCode`. This won't matter
> in protocol 16 because the operation is invalid if the issuer on `Asset` is not the source account,
> but it'll allow us to explore options for an account that's not the issuer to change trustline flags.
> The two scenarios we currently have in mind are the owner changing the trustline flag and the issuer
> delegating trustline flag modification to a different account.

Reviewer: 💡 Suggest rewording to focus on deferring the decision rather than catering to possible future decisions, but if you prefer the existing language I'm still 👍🏻 with it.
```suggestion
`SetTrustLineFlagsOp` uses an `Asset` as a parameter instead of an `AssetCode` to defer the decision of who all future authorizers of the operation can be. The `Asset` includes the issuer account, where-as use of `AssetCode` would assume the source account is always the issuer account. In this proposal, only the issuer may authorize the operation. This decision makes it possible in a future proposal to expand the accounts that may be allowed to issue the operation.
```
